Clarify handling for optional literal parameters (#253)
voxpupuli/voxpupuli.github.io: _docs/reviewing_pr.md

* Does the email address used in the commits match the github email address? (This will let github display the contributor's avatar next to the commit)
* Is this a bugfix, modulesync, breaking change, enhancement, docs update? Label it with `bug`, `modulesync`, `backwards-incompatible`, `enhancement`, `docs`
* Are updates to the README.md needed but missing? Label it with `needs-docs`

> * Has the file documented parameter or examples in the header? This needs to be updated as well

Reviewer: parameters should still be plural here to match examples
```suggestion
* Has the updated file(s) documented all of its parameters or and examples in the puppet-strings header? This needs to be updated as well.
```

* In the majority of cases, variables shouldn't be accessed via topscope: $::modulename::$param. Instead do: $modulename::$param
* Are datatypes from stdlib used? Ensure that lowest supported stdlib version is 4.18.0 (This is the first version that supports Puppet 5). Check if a newer version introduced the used datatype
* Are hiera yaml files added for data-in-modules? Ensure that the data is compatible with [hiera 5](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/5.3/hiera_migrate.html#use-cases-for-upgrading-to-hiera-5). Static data that is equal across every supported operating system must stay in the init.pp, it shouldn't be moved to a common.yaml due to [puppet-strings issue #250](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet-strings/issues/250).

> * Are there new parameters with datatype Hash or Array? If possible, they should default to empty `Hash` or `Array` instead of `undef`. You can also enforce the datastructure like `Array[String[1]]` (that's recommended if possible)

Reviewer: Do we want to recommend fully realized data structures if it's obvious what they should be, or type aliases for more complex things?  so Hash[String, Hash[String, Array[Any]]] for most create_resources collectors

Author: good catch. I added:
`* Is the new datatype quite complex (like `Hash[String[1], Hash[String[1], Array[Any]]]`? Create a custom datatype for it.`
